He's late! What on earth is he
doing anyway?!
[chuckles] You really are
quite hard on Boruto all the
time.
Well I have certain goals that
I'm trying to reach.
So I have to be reliable and
carry out my missions.
I, for one, cannot afford to
be late!
Ahh!
By the way, what about
yourself?
Mm? Who me?
Yeah, are there certain
missions you prefer to do over
others?
I never asked you that before
so now I'm curious.
Oh, I don't know. I suppose
the ones that Boruto likes to
do.
[sighs]
I'm not trying to be critical of
you or anything...
but are there any decisions that
you've made of your own free
will?
Actually, this is completely
my own decision.
Huh?
(Mitsuki) Yes. This is
somethingI decided
for myself.
Uh.
Looks like he's awake now.
[exhales]
[grunts]
(Orochimaru) Don't worry,
you'll be okay since you drank
the medicine I gave you earlier.
Now, take one more dose of
this. It'll make you feel
better.
(Orochimaru) Go on.
[coughing]
[panting]
Please bring him to my room
later, after he's had a chance
to wake up and recover.
I'll leave the rest to you.
Yeah got it.
(Suigetsu) Hey. Hey!
Huh?
Are you okay?
Who am I?
(Orochimaru) We're on the sixth
attempt now.
It would be nice if the next
one goes as desired.
Why was I lying in bed?
It figures you don't remember
the bad stuff that happened.
Huh?
(Suigetsu) You failed your
top‐secret mission as part of
Lord Orochimaru's two‐man team.
Well, you were injured and Lord
Orochimaru had to carry you back
to this hideout.
You remember that?
Oh. [gasps]
Huh? Hmph.
[grunting]
Pretty good!
[gasps]
(Mitsuki) [grunting]
I...I'm sorry. I just...
Looks like your body clearly
remembers. You are a true
ninja through and through.
[gasps]
Huh?
You were captured by a man in
the city, and some of your
memories were erased.
(Suigetsu) I'm really sorry! I
just had to check to be sure.
If your shinobi abilities were
removed too...
then Lord Orochimaru would have
been very disappointed.
Orochimaru?
Yes. I am Orochimaru. You
don't remember but I'm your
parent.
You're my, parent?
That's right. Which is the
reason that you're very
special to me.
And why it's important we
retrieve your memory.
We're going to retrieve my
memory? How does that work?
Behold this man. He's a
shinobi who has the ability to
steal others' memories.
And after he steals them, he
stockpiles those memories as
his own.
(Orochimaru) He can also
manipulate people by implanting
different memories.
Or of course, reinserting the
very ones he stole in the first
place.
Mitsuki, your memory has been
taken by this very man I speak
of.
In order to restore you, we
have to go capture him.
Then we'll be able to
transplant all of your old
memories.
We address this skilled
shinobi by the name of Log.
His specific ability is called
Experience Stealing.
Hm.
The two of us shall return to
where we last encountered this
man.
Hold on a minute.
(Mitsuki) So.
When we were on our previous
mission, what were you and I
doing confronting this guy?
Can you explain that?
Of course.
We were confronting him because
we were trying to steal every
bit of intel he'd collected.
By taking him in alive.
Except that, he was the one
who ended up swiping our
precious intel instead.
You said your name is
Orochimaru, right?
If you were with me on that
mission, then...
How do you know your memories
haven't been stolen or altered
too?!
(Mitsuki) And another
thing, are you my mother
or my father?
[laughs] Trust me, that doesn't
really matter.
[gasps]
(Orochimaru) You used to know,
that I am one of the Legendary
Sannin.
And that I'm no ordinary
shinobi.
(Mitsuki) Then, why would you
take someone as weak as I am on
that kind of mission?
I'm afraid you are
underestimating yourself. I
already told you.
(Orochimaru) You're special.
You have always been my
precious child.
I am actually quite fond of
you. You just don't happen to
remember.
(Orochimaru) This is also for
our sake, as parent and child.
But. [gasps]
(Orochimaru) Since you are
just a child, you should listen
obediently to me.
[crying]
Who am I? That's all I'm
after. That's all I wanna know.
Yes, it will all get settled
soon enough, as long as you come
with me.
Just beyond this point, we
will find Log's barrier.
What should we do?
You will be the one to go over
there and take it down.
Huh?
You heard me right. That's the
reason I brought you along the
last time.
It's because you're the only
one who can breach it.
But, I don't have that kind of
power.
Yes, you do, you've just
forgotten. In fact the power
you possess is very special.
I will show you how to use it.
Huh?
See? That's the power you
possess. Now, let's get going.
[exhales] Mhm.
Looks like someone had a pair
of eyes on us after all.
You really didn't have to come
to me. I was planning to make
my way to you eventually.
So I could get the key that
opens that thing!
Paralysis Jutsu!
[grunting]
I insist you return that
thing right now, along with
restoring this child's memories.
Oh, I see my Paralysis Jutsu
doesn't work on you anymore.
They're fast!
[grunting]
[grunts]
[attacking yell]
[grunting]
[grunts] Uh?
That's some nice armor. My
fangs can't penetrate it. Did
you modify it?
You don't scare me, your
poison can't even reach me.
[gasps]
Ninja Art: Armor Eater!
I let you get away easily
before, but not this time.
Mitsu...ki...! [grunts]
You possess... [grunts]
(Orochimaru) ...Sage Power so
use it.
Oh yes, he's the one I really
need to watch.
He gave me a lot of trouble
last time.
I can't move! [grunts]
Hmph. How come you didn't
release the Paralysis Jutsu?
It appears that you've forgotten
your own powers.
Without that power, you're
just an ordinary kid!
[gasps]
[grunting]
(Orochimaru) You were too
preoccupied with the large
snake.
But even the venom of a small
snake...
that I can slip through the gap
in your armor is sufficient
enough.
[gasps]
The Curse Mark's poison will
render him mute and immobile
for a while.
Mitsuki, would you please do me
a favor and keep an eye on him
for a little bit?
I'm sure you can move now.
Uh. Where are you going?
There's something I'm looking
for here. It won't take me
long to find it.
But no matter what you do,
don't go anywhere near him.
[exhales]
[gasps]
[gulps]
[grunting] Such... strong
poison...
Don't worry, I can't get you.
I can barely speak.
(Log) Seems the antidote I
prepared is only partially
effective.
Ugh, it's painful like this.
Come here. Please take off my
mask.
Are you trying to deceive me?
No. If you take this mask off,
you'll know that it's just the
opposite.
I'll say this much.
The one who's deceiving you
is...
(Log) Orochimaru.
[gasps]
I imagine Orochimaru hasn't told
you anything. How could you know
what's really going on?
(Log) That's exactly how it was
with me too.
I wonder, do you know who you
really are? Do you have any
idea at all?
Yes. Yes I do. I'm
Orochimaru's child.
And besides...
I erased some of your extraneous
memories last time.
But now, he's using that against
you, isn't he?
Huh?
Now, come here, and take my
mask off.
[light breathing]
[gasps]
[gasping]
I am also...
Mitsuki. It's just that I was
made before you were.
I don't understand what you are
talking about.
Orochimaru created us both.
We're artificial beings.
(Older Mitsuki) We are mere
vessels to fulfill his
ambitions.
"Tsuki" is an old name for a
vessel.
And "Mi" is the sixth of the
twelve zodiac creatures.
The snake is where our name
Mitsuki comes from.
We're artificial beings?
The seed that served as our
source material...
is the thing he's searching
for right now.
He had it cultured to create
both of us.
(Older Mitsuki) That's also the
reason you're able to break the
barrier that was placed here.
I stole that seed from
Orochimaru to destroy it. At
least that was my plan.
But, in order to open the case
that it's in...
I needed a key that was in
Orochimaru's possession.
But why would you destroy it?
Because life that's produced
artificially isn't human.
It's an ideological construct
born from a selfish ego.
He's twisted the laws of nature
by pretending to be god! We're
vessels of his greed!
A projection of his narcissism!
Orochimaru created me as his
son.
I was exceptional but then
when I escaped from his side,
he longed for a replacement.
(Older Mitsuki)
Make no mistake.
Orochimaru will keep making
more beings like us to suit
his whims.
Neither you nor I were ever
meant to exist in this world.
However, I'll return things to
the way they should be.
But before I do...
I'm going to get rid of you.
Orochimaru!
No matter how you came into this
world, please know you two are
no different from any other.
(Orochimaru) You are both my
absolute and perfect children,
whom I cannot help but love.
You bear within you, more power
than I.
Do you know how much
I've eagerly awaited your
existence?
Is it wrong for a shinobi like
me to desire bringing children
into the world?
People are forgiving when they
find out your motives are
simply born of love.
So you see, you both are here
because of love.
[gasps]
So what?! That justifies your
egotistical behavior?!
Do you really think that you
can control everything?!
I don't consider my actions
"pretending to be god."
Actually, I'm only expanding
what god has so graciously
granted to us. That is all!
(Older Mitsuki) Mitsuki!
Huh?
Since you're still a child, it
may be difficult for you to
understand.
Eventually you'll realize he's
wrong!
But you need to stop
Orochimaru!
I speak as the adult version
of you. One day, the time will
be right for you to stop him!
Mitsuki, don't believe him, he
thinks he can deceive you
because you are a child.
I'm the one who has the seed,
and I also possess the key.
Mitsuki, come over here to me.
I'll create a much better
sibling for you than he could
ever be, okay?!
No! Mitsuki!
[grunting]
Mitsuki, Now!
Mitsuki!
Now!
Since I'm only a child...
I don't... really care about
that either way...
At least the things you adults
are talking about anyway.
As for me, I'll make my own
decisions.
[gasps]
He's finally achieved Sage
Transformation.
Yeah.
[panting]
(Orochimaru) So, what did you
put into the scroll this time?
Huh?
(Older Mitsuki) Well I suppose,
let's just call it a photo of
the sun.
(Orochimaru) The sun, really?
Finally! He did it on the
sixth try.
(Older Mitsuki) He didn't
choose to side with either one
of us.
He opted for a third choice,
one that was all his own.
But still, you never know how
it'll turn out.
I'd like to avoid a seventh
undertaking.
(Orochimaru) I definitely don't
want to use that drug again to
remove his memory.
As an artificial being, he'll
carve his own path.
He'll succeed in illuminating
the dark.
I had always been afraid that
neither one of you would ever
be able to.
I was worried you wouldn't
become the light.
That you'd choose the dark,
since both of you are my
children.
C'mon. Isn't this what you
wanted?
Your elaborate charade ended
up working.
Hmph.
Except, it's highly unlikely
he'll become the light all on
his own.
(Old Mitsuki) He can only
do it by finding a sun
who will stick by his side
and shine upon him.
Only then will he become the
moonlight and illuminate the
dark.
Not simply as a vessel in the
dark, but as a moon in the
darkness of the nighttime sky.
A cracked vessel can't hold
anything.
(Older Mitsuki) But a waning
moon in the night will
eventually wax full.
Yes, my real name is...
Mitsuki, the Snake Moon.
(Boruto) Hey, guys!
I'll be right there!
You're late!
I'm really sorry!
I ran into a lost kid on my
way here. So I ended up
helping him look for his mom.
That's a big fat lie.
What?! You just suddenly
decided I was lying?!
Yeah because you do it all the
time, am I wrong?
[grunts] Hey, Mitsuki!
You believe I'm telling the
truth, don't you?!
Honestly, I don't care either
way.
Huh?
I've already decided to trust
both of you. So it's okay.
Hm.
Let's go. Or we'll be late.
Okay.
I can see the sun, finally.
(Mitsuki) Team 7 will be going
on our first mission soon, huh?
(Boruto) I'm sure we'll be able
to handle whatever mission gets
thrown our way!
(Sarada) Isn't every mission
ranked before it's assigned?
I wonder if our team will get
the lowest rank.
(Boruto) How about we start
off with the highest ranked
mission...
and show everybody just how
awesome Team 7 is!
Next time on Boruto Naruto
Next Generations: Team 7: The
First Mission!
It'll be a piece of cake, I
can handle it myself!